---
chapter_index: 780
title: "4.3.7.4_List_Mode"
--- 

# 4.3.7.4_List_Mode

4.3.7.4 List Mode

Similar to a sweep, a series of previously defined frequency and level points is processed in List mode. In contrast to a sweep, however, a list with freely selectable value

RF Block

Operating Manual 1407.0806.32 ─ 23

192

R&S ® SMB100A

Instrument Function

RF Block

pairs (frequency and level) can be created. The value range for frequency and level covers the entire configurable value range of the instrument.

Interactions between List mode and other operating modes or settings

List mode and sweeps can not be activated simultaneously, they deactivate each other.

Activating the list mode instantly disables NRP Level Control. A running list mode blocks "NRP Level Control". It can not be activated

The lists can be created in the "List Editor". Each list is stored in its own file with the predefined file extension *.lsw . The name of the list file can be freely selected. The files are loaded from the "Lists

The necessary hardware settings are calculated the first time a list is processed. With long dwell times, this calculation can be performed while the list is being processed; the entered dwell times are observed. With very short dwell times, calculation of the hardware settings increases the dwell time for the initial processing cycle; the entered value is only observed from the second processing cycle onwards. In this case a message appears to inform the user that there is a deviation between the current and set dwell times. No further calculations are required after the first run through a list. The current dwell times will definitely no longer deviate from the set dwell times.

The list is processed from the beginning to the end of the list (modes "Auto", ("External") "Single", ("External") "Step").

