---
chapter_index: 100
title: "3.1.17.1_LXI_Browser_Settings"
--- 

# 3.1.17.1_LXI_Browser_Settings

3.1.17.1 LXI Browser Settings

To access the instrument via the web browser:

Type in the instrument's host name or IP address in the address field of the browser on your PC, for example "http://10.113.1.205".

Note: Do not add the missing zeros in the IP address, while opening the instrument home page.

The instrument home page (welcome page) opens.

Operating Manual 1407.0806.32 ─ 23

40

R&S ® SMB100A

Getting Started

Preparing for Use

ROHDE&SCHWARZ

LXI

LXI

Instrument Properties

Home

Lan Configuration

Status

Utilities

Instrument Model

R&SSMB

Manufacturer

Rohde & Schwarz GmbH& Co.KG

Instrument Control

Serial Number

100011

Web Control

Description

Rohde &Schwarz Signal Generator SMB100A 100011

File Download

LXI Version

1.4 LXI Core 2011

File Upload

LXI ExtendedFeatures

DNS Host Name(s)

instrument

MAC Address

00:25:64:C3:31:82

Diagnostics

IP Address

10.113.1.150

Device Screenshot

Firmware Revision

03.20.390.12

SCPI RemoteTrace

Current Time

Wednesday, 2015/12/02, 11:54:06

SCPI Command Shell

Current Time source

Operating System

Help

VISAresource string

TCPIP:10.113.1.150:inst0:INSTR

TCPIP::10.113.1.150::hislip0:INSTR

Glossary

Device Indicator

ACTIVE (press to toggle)

www.rohde-schwarz.com

Status

No error

2015 ROHDE&SCHWARZ. All rights reserved.

The navigation pane of the browser interface contains the following elements:

"LXI"

-"Home" opens the instrument home page.

The home page displays the device information required by the LXI standard, including the VISA resource string in read-only format.

-"Device Indicator" activates or deactivates the LXI status indication. When activated, the LXI LEDs flash, both in the browser dialog and in the LXI dialog of the connected instrument. A green LXI status symbol indicates that a LAN connection has been established; a red symbol indicates that no LAN cable is connected.

-"Lan Configuration" allows you to configure LAN parameters and to initiate a ping, see "Ping Client" on page 44.

-"Status" displays information about the LXI status of the instrument.

-"Utilities" provides access to the LXI event log functionality required by the LXI standard.

"Instrument Control"

-"Web Control" provides remote access to the instrument, see "Web Control" on page 45.

"Diagnostics"

-"SCPI Remote Trace" records messages exchanged via the remote control interface, see "SCPI Remote Trace" on page 46.

"Help"

-"Glossary" explains terms related to the LXI standard.

Operating Manual 1407.0806.32 ─ 23

41

R&S ® SMB100A

Getting Started

Preparing for Use

-www.rohde-schwarz.com opens the Rohde & Schwarz home page.

Press the "INACTIVE (press to toggle)" button to activate the connection.

A green flashing status LED indicates the active connection. If the LAN connection fails, the LED turns red.

The status of the LAN connection is also indicated by the "LAN Status indicator" in the "LXI Status" dialog.

For further information, see section "LXI Status" in the Operating Manual.

