---
chapter_index: 167
title: "3.4.2_Signal_Flow_at_a_Glance"
--- 

# 3.4.2_Signal_Flow_at_a_Glance

3.4.2 Signal Flow at a Glance

The R&S SMB is equipped with an intuitive user interface. The central element of the display is the block diagram that shows the signal flow and processing from the left on the display to most right, i.e. the generated signal can be seen at a glance.

Each block represents a functional unit of the instrument. Thus you always know the position at which a parameter affects the signal flow. The main settings of a block are indicated in the block. The interconnection of employed inputs and outputs is also shown. The user is thus always informed about the connection of inputs and outputs in the signal flow and where they can be configured. A window is opened for each menu where parameters can be set. When the window is opened, an entry is made in the "Winbar" below the display. All open menus are of equal priority (not modal) and can be accessed any time.

The block diagram in the figure below shows a fully equipped instrument.

Figure 3-3: Block diagram of a fully equipped R&S SMB

Freq

Level

363.00000000

MHz

-11.00

dBm

LfSweep,ALC-S&H

Info

ModGen

Modulation

RF

config

config

config

RF

On

√

On

On

Swp

AM

With the rotary knob, you can navigate in the block diagram and the dialogs, and operate the instrument with one hand. The cursor is moved line by line through the block diagram or dialog. Turning the button clockwise advances the cursor. The selected

System Overview

Operating Manual 1407.0806.32 ─ 23

62

R&S ® SMB100A

Getting Started

System Overview block can be activated or deactivated with the [TOGGLE] key. Active blocks are highlighted by a colored background.

The instrument comprises a comprehensive info and help system. You can access the context-sensitive help with the [HELP] ([F1]) key at any time. The help system indicates the currently selected parameter and offers additional services such as cross references, index and contents. The content of the help system corresponds to the operating manual of the instrument.

Warning and conflict messages caused by incorrect operation as well as further information are displayed in the "Info" line. A complete list of existing conflicts is displayed when the [INFO] ([CTRL+I]) key is pressed. Additional information on entries can be requested from the help system. The history function permits display of all messages.

Assistants simplify the completion of tables. After data entry in the assistant, the table is modified only after the "Accept" button has been pressed. Pressing the "Accept" button also stores the assistant data.

See Chapter 3.5, "Instrument Control", on page 66 for an overview on how to work with the instrument.

For an in-depth description of the dialog boxes and the instrument functions, refer to section Chapter 4.1, "Overview of Instrument Functions", on page 94.

