---
chapter_index: 598
title: "4.3.5.6_User_Correction"
--- 

# 4.3.5.6_User_Correction

4.3.5.6 User Correction

The "User Correction" function is used to create and activate lists in which level correction values predefined by the user are freely assigned to RF frequencies. Correction is performed by the user-defined table values being added to the output level for the respective RF frequency.

With frequencies which are not contained in the list, the level correction is determined by interpolation of the closest correction values.

The lists are created in the "List Editor". Each list is stored in its own file with the predefined file extension *. uco . The name of the User Correction file can be freely selected. The files are loaded from the "Lists

RF Block

Operating Manual 1407.0806.32 ─ 23

159

R&S ® SMB100A

Instrument Function

RF Block

internally created User Correction data can be exported into ASCII files using the export function.

The amplitude can also be linearized automatically by means of an R&S NRP power sensor connected to one of the generator output signals. With the aid of the "Fill with Sensor" function, a table with correction values for external test assemblies can be automatically determined, e.g. for compensating the frequency response of cables. The User Correction list with the correction values acquired by the sensor is generated in the "Edit User Correction List" menu. The correction values can be acquired any time irrespective of the modulation settings of the generator.

If user correction is activated, the "UCOR" display (User Correction) is shown in the header together with the "Level" display. The RF output level is the sum of both values.

"Level" + "UCOR" = Output level

If activated, user correction is effective in all operating modes.

