---
chapter_index: 891
title: "4.4.5.1_Pulse_Modulation_Settings"
--- 

# 4.4.5.1_Pulse_Modulation_Settings

4.4.5.1 Pulse Modulation Settings

Modulation

Amplitude Modulation. Frequency Modulation. Phase Modulation

To access the "Pulse Modulation" settings, select "Modulation > config

PulseModulation

State

On

Source

Pulse Generator

Pulse Generator

Pulse Mode

Single

Pulse Period

10.00

US

√

Pulse Width

2.00

uS

PulseDelay

0.01

US

ConnectorTriggerSettings

Trigger Mode

Ext Triggered

Ext Trigger Input Slope

Positive

Externallmpedance

50Q

Use SIGNAL VALID as Pulse Sync

On

PulseModulation

State

On

Source

External

Polarity

Normal

Connector/TriggerSettings

Externallmpedance

50Ω

The dialog contains all parameters for configuring a pulse modulation signal, comprising the signal source, pulse generator and trigger settings.

Depending on the selected modulation source, the provided parameters vary:

"Source Pulse Generator"

Operating Manual 1407.0806.32 ─ 23

215

R&S ® SMB100A

Instrument Function

Modulation

Displays the parameters for configuring the pulse generator signal, which in turn vary according to the selected "Mode > Single / Double

Note: Extended features as the generation of double pulse signals or selectable trigger mode require option R&S SMB-K23.

"External"

Enables you to configure the polarity of an externally supplied pulse modulation signal.

Additionally, you can use the internally generated Valid Signal for synchronization of the pulse modulation, and assign this signal to the [VALID SIGNAL] connector, see Chapter 4.5.4.1, "Pulse Generator Settings", on page 231 for description.

Note: The pulse generator settings in this dialog are mirrored from the actual "Pulse Generator" dialog of the "Mod Gen" block. Therefore find the description on the access and the corresponding parameters under in Chapter 4.5.4.1, "Pulse Generator Settings", on page 231.

Option R&S SMB-K27 enables the generation of pulse trains. For description of the pulse train dialog, see Chapter 4.5.4.2, "Pulse Train Generation", on page 235.

